
h, we need more, though. So let me repeat what we need to do. Number one is we want to pressure the principal and persuade them to make more efforts so that there will be more children school, children from their school to join the outreach flu shot program. How do we do that? We need to compare the vaccination participation rate of the school with the what we call the upper respiratory tract condition and absence rate. How many school children have to take sick leave due to the upper tract, you know, upper respiratory tract infection or whatever? So, yeah, so, so the the basic approach of our goal is to propose a scheme or plan so that if we collect the data, if, if we collect the data, we will have a report card for every principal, and that report card will prompt the school principal and the parents to participate or become more willing to participate in the I mean, this is real. You know, this is not something we make up. We are proposing something so the principal will be held accountable for their lack of efforts or action to promote flu shots among school children. So that's the first part. The second part is to assess what data could be collected in order to conduct a study on vaccination effectiveness, because we have already found some studies that conduct these kind of school based studies, does research team have to go to the school to collect the data and then assess the vaccination effectiveness? We don't want to do that because that's too time consuming. That's too laborious, labor intensive. What we want to explore is how the data can be collected by the school and the Department of Health, which can then be used to assess the vaccination effectiveness. So that's the second part.
Yeah, so does, yeah, exactly. So the second part is, we have to study. We have to look at the model being used in the papers, okay, in the published studies, and then we can say, Okay, so for those teams, they they need those data in order to conduct a study. Now, given our school condition, how can the school principals and the Department of Health and the Health Bureau work together to collect the data in a way, efficient way, so that we will be able to reach similar conclusion or conduct similar studies, but without involving teams to go to the school to collect their data. So our goal is to propose a better way to collect and govern govern the data, so that, number one, school principals will promote the vaccination more effectively. And number two, the vaccination effectiveness can be assessed with the data collected. Okay? The E health part is also relevant, because if most so again, we have to imagine, if everybody enrolled in health, how can that facilitate data collection, and also assessment of the of of the study, assessment of the vaccination effectiveness, right? Well, yeah, I mean, that's the argument. Our argument would be, you know, e healthis is important part of the solution. But given that there's such a low participation rate or enrollment rate of the E house, this is not possible. So what should we do? What's the argument? The argument would be, we have to promote e house more aggressively. You know, in mainland China, everybody has to install that app for Internet scamming. It's a compulsory. No, I'm talking about scamming, internet scamming. So this is why, when the mainland students come to Hong Kong, they become vulnerable, because they don't have the. Kind of protection they they have in mainland you see me, so sometimes in order to enroll everybody to the to the app, you have to do something. It's not, it's not. You can't just expect people to do it voluntarily. You have to force people to do things. Yeah, you I mean the principle the government has to create incentive for the parents to send the children to take the shots and also disincentive. I mean, the best way to convince them is to show the data. Show them the data, but we don't have the data. You see me, so then we have to convince the government to start collecting data, analyzing the data. Could
you clarify again? So what is the absolute rate? What is the UPS rate? How many students? What could you clarify?
Do I think I already talked about him, maybe I shared a script with you first, and you can take a look. 

